# SIGMA: Synthetic Image Generation Modeling API

The Synthetic Image Generation Modeling API (SIGMA) is a microservice automation framework that provides the infrastructure for easy consumption of pre-trained synthetic image generation models, facilitating the integration of image-generation tools into third-party applications by abstracting the scalability and authorization needs of model inference.

## Synthetic Image Generation Modeling 

Synthetic Image Generation Modeling is a technique used in computer vision to create large quantities of synthetic images that are similar to real ones but are generated by computer algorithms rather than captured by cameras. Generations can be useful in many applications where real images are scarce or difficult to obtain, such as training machine learning models or testing computer vision algorithms.

## What does SIGMA do?

SIGMA provides a microservice infrastructure that serves pre-trained generative adversarial models. SIGMA takes care of scaling and distributing the requests to the appropriate backends, using the pre-trained GAN models to generate the requested images. The project is designed to be flexible, scalable, and easy to use, making it an ideal choice for engineers who want to incorporate synthetic images into their projects without training their own GANs or setting up their backend infrastructure.

# Local Installation

1. Install SIGMA via Helm chart.
```bash
helm install sigma deploy/
```
2. Initialise the authorization database.
```bash
kubectl exec $(kubectl get pods -l app=auth -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -- flask init-data
```
